#	1. Project Description:

WEare is a social networking web application aimed at connecting professionals offering various services and exchanging experiences. This platform serves as a marketplace for skills and expertise, allowing users to network, collaborate, and engage in business activities. The application provides different functionalities tailored to various user roles:

## Registered users:
-	Connect with other users
-	Create and publish posts
-	Comment on posts
-	Like posts from others
-	Access a personalized feed featuring the newest or most relevant posts from their connections
-	Manage their profile, including updating their name and uploading a profile picture
-	Search for other people

## Guest users:
-	View a feed of the latest public posts
-	Search for registered users

## Admin users:
-	Edit or delete user profiles
-	Edit or delete posts
-	Edit or delete comments

# 2.	QA Team: Team Members

-	Daniela Shamatanova
-	Doychin Trendafilov
-	Yordan Nikolov






# 3.	Functional Requirements

## User 
Each user must have a:
-	Username - must be unique and between 2 and 20 symbols;
-	Password - must be at least 8 symbols and should contain capital letters, digits, and special symbols (+, -, *, &, ^, …);
-	Email - must be unique for the system and valid;
-	Profile photo.

## Guest (unregistered user)
The public part must be accessible without authentication. They must see:
-	Register form;
-	Login form;
-	Profile search form – guest users must show only the profile information, that the user decided to be public and their public posts ordered chronologically. They must search for profiles based on name and/or email;
-	Public feed - must show chronologically ordered public posts.

## User (registered user)
Accessible only if the user is authenticated. They must see:
-	Login form;
-	Logout button;
-	Personal Profile – where they can change their email and any additional details such as age, nationality, etc.;
-	Search form - user must be able to request to connect or to disconnect with other users. Connection requests need to be approved by the other user before they become active, but disconnections don’t.
-	Add New Post button – when creating a post, the user can choose for status –public (visible for everyone, including non-registered users) or connections only (visible only for their connections);





##	Posts
All posts must contain:
-	Owner;
-	Visibility – public or private;
-	Topic;
-	Like/Dislike button;
-	Total like count, total comments count, rank count information bar;
-	Explore this post button;
-	Comments – ordered chronologically.
Users must have a personalized post feed, where they can see a feed formed from their connection’s posts. The base requirement is that the feed is generated by chronologically ordering all the posts from your connections, however, you could optionally create a more complex algorithm for feed generation.

##	Comments
All comments must contain:
-	Owner;
-	Description;
-	Like/Dislike button;
-	Total like count;
-	Show Comments button.
Users can create comments only in the posts feed and in already existing posts. Users can comment on their own posts or other posts, but they must have already logged in.

##	Admin users
Admin users must have administrative access to the system and permissions to administer all major information objects in the system. They should be able to:
-	Edit/Delete profiles;
-	Edit/Delete post;
-	Edit/Delete comments.




# 4.	Tasks:
Our task is to cover the basic functionality with manual tests and then decide which ones to automate as API tests or UI tests. We should design an object-oriented class hierarchy to model the social network web application, using the best practices for object-oriented design (OOD) and object-oriented programming (OOP).
# 5.  Content:
Below you will find a list of all deliverables provided:
-	Test Plan
In the test plan, we list the sequence of activities that are followed by the team to test the software. In this document, we include the testing process, identify the scope and purpose of testing.
<br/> https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1DKmqtsupnvA-FBJVzFS2p4qNZHaKE56P
-	Test Cases
Developing and maintaining the Test Cases was done with a web-based test management tool called Jira. It is used by testers, developers and other stakeholders to manage, track and organize software testing efforts. It follows a centralized test management concept that helps in easy communication and enables rapid development of task across QA team and other stakeholders
https://finalprojectqa50.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/FPT1/boards/3 
-	Test Scripts
Test script defines the various steps as well as instructions that are executed by the team on the software to test and validate its functionality and to ensure that it is as per the requirements and expectations of the client.
- URL Endpoints:
https://fast-plains-73661-971f43405213.herokuapp.com/swagger-ui.html#/

### Framework:
- IDEA IntelliJ project - Rest Assured and Selenium WebDriver framework.
- run-selenuim-and-rest-tests.bat file to run the tests.
- run-selenium-and-rest-tests-bash.sh file to run the tests.

### Postman:
- Postman environment & collection
- TwoMenAndWomanPostman.bat file to run the tests.
- TwoMenAndWomanPostman.bash file to run the tests. 

# 6.	Step by step guide:

##	Prerequisites Tools:
-	Jira
-	Postman v10.18.9
-	IntelliJ IDEA 2023.2 (Ultimate Edition) Build #IU-232.8660.185, built on July 26, 2023
-	Selenium WebDriver

## Instructions:

1. Clone repository
2. Open Framework as a IntelliJ IDEA Project
3. Build
4. Navigate to finalprojecttwomenandawoman/src/test/java/ 
5. Run tests from restassured folder
6. Run tests from selenuim folder

##	Test Execution Reports Instructions:
Rest Assured and Selenium:
1. Open and run run-selenuim-and-rest-tests.bat file to obtain the Rest Assured and Selenium reports.
2. Open and run run-selenium-and-rest-tests-bash.sh file to obtain the Rest Assured and Selenium reports.
Postman:
1. Open and run TwoMenAndWomanPostman.bat file to obtain Postman report.
2. Open and run TwoMenAndWomanPostman.bash file to obtain Postman report. 

#  7. These documents contain the test results and the summary of test from our execution activities:
## Manual Testing Report:
- URL: https://finalprojectqa50.atlassian.net/plugins/servlet/ac/com.xpandit.plugins.xray/testplans-metrics-report-page?project.key=FPT1&project.id=10004&ac.reportId=652d525dabf4f5e75dff05d2
## Postman Report:
- URL:  https://github.com/FinalProject-QA50-Team10/finalproject/tree/main/Reports
## RestAssured Report:
- URL:   https://github.com/FinalProject-QA50-Team10/finalproject/tree/main/Reports
## Selenium Report:
- URL:   https://github.com/FinalProject-QA50-Team10/finalproject/tree/main/Reports
